---
layout: post
title:  "New Mission and Donation Updates!"
---
<br> 
So far we've been extremely successful with our ADA for Warriors missions.  This year we've donated $1399.29 to the [Third Option Foundation](/missions/third-option-foundation#tof-donations) and 595 ADA to [Captive Audience](/missions/captive-audience#ca-donations).  Thank you to all of our delegates in helping make these missions a success!
<br/><br/>
For August, we are making some adjustments to our missions.  We are adding [500 Rising](/missions/500-rising) to our list of missions.  Our intention is to help 500 Rising raise awareness about the stubborn statistics of violence against women.

With that addition, we will be changing our donation percentages for each mission:

<ul>
<li><i class="fas fa-caret-right"></i> Third Option Foundation will be changed from 50% to 30%</li>
<li><i class="fas fa-caret-right"></i> Captive Audience will be changed from 25% to 10%</li>
<li><i class="fas fa-caret-right"></i> 500 Rising will be set at 10%</li>
</ul>
<br/>
500 Rising's first mission is to train female instructors in essential self-defense (however, they do invite and encourage men to get involved). They support these women as they reach out to their communities and networks to make a difference in the stubborn statistics of violence against women.
<br /><br />
To quote their website:
<figure>
    <blockquote>
        <div class="quote-line-container">
            <p class="quote">Sexual violence, in whatever form, is rarely about lust and sexual pleasure for the
                      sake of enjoyment. It is about power and control. Power is a primitive drive in humans as without
                      personal authority, we do not survive to adulthood.</p>
            <p class="quote">This is critical. Believing power is a zero sum game is actively paying homage to a
                      myth. Changing the statistics in violence against women, and quite possibly violence in general,
                      is understanding this crosscultural, deeply held myth is just that. A myth.</p>
            <p class="quote">Power is not a zero sum game. If you act as an agent of personal authority, it does
                      nothing to detract from my personal authority unless I choose to allow it.</p>
        </div>
    </blockquote>
    <figcaption style="float:right !important"><cite style="font-size:20px !important">-500 Rising</cite>
    </figcaption>
</figure>
<br/><br/>
We hope that you choose to learn more about 500 Rising and what they are doing.  Keep a look out for updates regarding classes and training opportunities as we will post them on our [social media accounts](#contact) as they become available.